https://leetcode.com/problems/integer-to-roman/?envType=study-plan-v2&envId=top-interview-150
12. Integer to Roman
Medium
5.8K
5.2K
Companies
Roman numerals are represented by seven different symbols: I, V, X, L, C, D and M.

Symbol       Value
I             1
V             5
X             10
L             50
C             100
D             500
M             1000
For example, 2 is written as II in Roman numeral, just two one's added together. 12 is written as XII, which is simply X + II. The number 27 is written as XXVII, which is XX + V + II.

Roman numerals are usually written largest to smallest from left to right. However, the numeral for four is not IIII. Instead, the number four is written as IV. Because the one is before the five we subtract it making four. The same principle applies to the number nine, which is written as IX. There are six instances where subtraction is used:

I can be placed before V (5) and X (10) to make 4 and 9. 
X can be placed before L (50) and C (100) to make 40 and 90. 
C can be placed before D (500) and M (1000) to make 400 and 900.
Given an integer, convert it to a roman numeral.

 

Example 1:

Input: num = 3
Output: "III"
Explanation: 3 is represented as 3 ones.
Example 2:

Input: num = 58
Output: "LVIII"
Explanation: L = 50, V = 5, III = 3.
Example 3:

Input: num = 1994
Output: "MCMXCIV"
Explanation: M = 1000, CM = 900, XC = 90 and IV = 4.
 

Constraints:

1 <= num <= 3999

```python
class Solution(object):
    def intToRoman(self, num):
        """
        :type num: int
        :rtype: str
        """
```

To convert an integer to a Roman numeral, you can follow the following algorithm:

1. Create two lists, `nums` and `romans`, to store the values and corresponding symbols of the Roman numerals:

   ```python
   nums = [1000, 900, 500, 400, 100, 90, 50, 40, 10, 9, 5, 4, 1]
   romans = ["M", "CM", "D", "CD", "C", "XC", "L", "XL", "X", "IX", "V", "IV", "I"]
   ```

2. Initialize an empty string `result` to store the Roman numeral representation.
3. Iterate over the elements `n` in the `nums` list:
   - While the current number `num` is greater than or equal to `n`, subtract `n` from `num` and append the corresponding Roman symbol from the `romans` list to the `result` string.
4. Return the `result` string.

Here's the implementation in Python:

```python
class Solution(object):
    def intToRoman(self, num):
        nums = [1000, 900, 500, 400, 100, 90, 50, 40, 10, 9, 5, 4, 1]
        romans = ["M", "CM", "D", "CD", "C", "XC", "L", "XL", "X", "IX", "V", "IV", "I"]
        
        result = ""
        
        for i in range(len(nums)):
            while num >= nums[i]:
                result += romans[i]
                num -= nums[i]
        
        return result
```

Now, you can create an instance of the `Solution` class and call the `intToRoman` method with the given input:

```python
solution = Solution()
num = 1994
result = solution.intToRoman(num)
print(result)  # Output: "MCMXCIV"
```

The `intToRoman` method takes `num` as an argument and returns the corresponding Roman numeral. The algorithm runs in O(1) time complexity, as the number of operations is constant regardless of the value of `num`.