https://leetcode.com/problems/substring-with-concatenation-of-all-words/?envType=study-plan-v2&envId=top-interview-150
30. Substring with Concatenation of All Words
Hard
965
70
Companies
You are given a string s and an array of strings words. All the strings of words are of the same length.

A concatenated substring in s is a substring that contains all the strings of any permutation of words concatenated.

For example, if words = ["ab","cd","ef"], then "abcdef", "abefcd", "cdabef", "cdefab", "efabcd", and "efcdab" are all concatenated strings. "acdbef" is not a concatenated substring because it is not the concatenation of any permutation of words.
Return the starting indices of all the concatenated substrings in s. You can return the answer in any order.

 

Example 1:

Input: s = "barfoothefoobarman", words = ["foo","bar"]
Output: [0,9]
Explanation: Since words.length == 2 and words[i].length == 3, the concatenated substring has to be of length 6.
The substring starting at 0 is "barfoo". It is the concatenation of ["bar","foo"] which is a permutation of words.
The substring starting at 9 is "foobar". It is the concatenation of ["foo","bar"] which is a permutation of words.
The output order does not matter. Returning [9,0] is fine too.
Example 2:

Input: s = "wordgoodgoodgoodbestword", words = ["word","good","best","word"]
Output: []
Explanation: Since words.length == 4 and words[i].length == 4, the concatenated substring has to be of length 16.
There is no substring of length 16 is s that is equal to the concatenation of any permutation of words.
We return an empty array.
Example 3:

Input: s = "barfoofoobarthefoobarman", words = ["bar","foo","the"]
Output: [6,9,12]
Explanation: Since words.length == 3 and words[i].length == 3, the concatenated substring has to be of length 9.
The substring starting at 6 is "foobarthe". It is the concatenation of ["foo","bar","the"] which is a permutation of words.
The substring starting at 9 is "barthefoo". It is the concatenation of ["bar","the","foo"] which is a permutation of words.
The substring starting at 12 is "thefoobar". It is the concatenation of ["the","foo","bar"] which is a permutation of words.
 

Constraints:

1 <= s.length <= 104
1 <= words.length <= 5000
1 <= words[i].length <= 30
s and words[i] consist of lowercase English letters.

```python
class Solution(object):
    def findSubstring(self, s, words):
        """
        :type s: str
        :type words: List[str]
        :rtype: List[int]
        """
```

The problem you provided is the "Substring with Concatenation of All Words" problem on LeetCode. The task is to find the starting indices of all concatenated substrings in the given string `s`, where the concatenated substrings contain all the strings in the `words` array.

To solve this problem, you can use a sliding window approach with a hash map to keep track of the counts of the words in the current substring. Here's the implementation of the `findSubstring` function in Python:

```python
from collections import Counter

class Solution(object):
    def findSubstring(self, s, words):
        """
        :type s: str
        :type words: List[str]
        :rtype: List[int]
        """
        result = []
        word_length = len(words[0])
        total_words = len(words)
        substring_length = word_length * total_words
        n = len(s)
        
        word_counts = Counter(words)
        
        for i in range(n - substring_length + 1):
            substring = s[i:i+substring_length]
            substring_counts = Counter([substring[j:j+word_length] for j in range(0, substring_length, word_length)])
            
            if substring_counts == word_counts:
                result.append(i)
        
        return result
```

The sliding window approach starts with the `i` pointer, which represents the starting index of the current substring. We iterate through the string `s` using a for loop, considering each starting index.

Inside the loop, we extract the current substring of length `substring_length` from the string `s`. We create a `substring_counts` dictionary that stores the counts of the individual words in the substring.

We compare the `substring_counts` with the `word_counts` obtained from the `words` array. If the two dictionaries are equal, it means the current substring contains all the words in the correct counts.

If the condition is satisfied, we append the `i` index to the `result` list.

By iterating through the string with the sliding window, we find all the starting indices of the concatenated substrings. Finally, we return the `result`.

The time complexity of this solution is O(n * m), where n is the length of the input string `s` and m is the total number of characters in the `words` array.