https://leetcode.com/problems/is-subsequence/?envType=study-plan-v2&envId=top-interview-150

392. Is Subsequence
Easy
7.7K
428
Companies
Given two strings s and t, return true if s is a subsequence of t, or false otherwise.

A subsequence of a string is a new string that is formed from the original string by deleting some (can be none) of the characters without disturbing the relative positions of the remaining characters. (i.e., "ace" is a subsequence of "abcde" while "aec" is not).

 

Example 1:

Input: s = "abc", t = "ahbgdc"
Output: true
Example 2:

Input: s = "axc", t = "ahbgdc"
Output: false
 

Constraints:

0 <= s.length <= 100
0 <= t.length <= 104
s and t consist only of lowercase English letters.
 

Follow up: Suppose there are lots of incoming s, say s1, s2, ..., sk where k >= 109, and you want to check one by one to see if t has its subsequence. In this scenario, how would you change your code?

```python
class Solution(object):
    def isSubsequence(self, s, t):
        """
        :type s: str
        :type t: str
        :rtype: bool
        """
```

The `isSubsequence` function takes two strings, `s` and `t`, as input and returns `True` if `s` is a subsequence of `t`, or `False` otherwise. 

A subsequence of a string is a new string that is formed from the original string by deleting some (can be none) of the characters without disturbing the relative positions of the remaining characters.

Here's an implementation of the `isSubsequence` function:

```python
class Solution(object):
    def isSubsequence(self, s, t):
        i, j = 0, 0
        while i < len(s) and j < len(t):
            if s[i] == t[j]:
                i += 1
            j += 1
        return i == len(s)
```

In this implementation, we use two pointers `i` and `j` to iterate through the strings `s` and `t` respectively. We start with `i` and `j` both at index 0. 

We compare the characters at the current positions `s[i]` and `t[j]`. If they are equal, we move to the next character in `s` by incrementing `i`. In any case, we always move to the next character in `t` by incrementing `j`. 

If we successfully iterate through all the characters in `s` and reach the end (`i == len(s)`), it means that `s` is a subsequence of `t`. Otherwise, if we reach the end of `t` before reaching the end of `s`, it means that `s` is not a subsequence of `t`.

Now, you can create an instance of the `Solution` class and call the `isSubsequence` method with the given input:

```python
solution = Solution()
s = "abc"
t = "ahbgdc"
result = solution.isSubsequence(s, t)
print(result)
```

The `isSubsequence` method takes the strings `s` and `t` as arguments and returns `True` if `s` is a subsequence of `t`, and `False` otherwise.