https://leetcode.com/problems/zigzag-conversion/?envType=study-plan-v2&envId=top-interview-150
6. Zigzag Conversion
Medium
6.3K
12.6K
Companies
The string "PAYPALISHIRING" is written in a zigzag pattern on a given number of rows like this: (you may want to display this pattern in a fixed font for better legibility)

P   A   H   N
A P L S I I G
Y   I   R
And then read line by line: "PAHNAPLSIIGYIR"

Write the code that will take a string and make this conversion given a number of rows:

string convert(string s, int numRows);
 

Example 1:

Input: s = "PAYPALISHIRING", numRows = 3
Output: "PAHNAPLSIIGYIR"
Example 2:

Input: s = "PAYPALISHIRING", numRows = 4
Output: "PINALSIGYAHRPI"
Explanation:
P     I    N
A   L S  I G
Y A   H R
P     I
Example 3:

Input: s = "A", numRows = 1
Output: "A"
 

Constraints:

1 <= s.length <= 1000
s consists of English letters (lower-case and upper-case), ',' and '.'.
1 <= numRows <= 1000

```python
class Solution(object):
    def convert(self, s, numRows):
        """
        :type s: str
        :type numRows: int
        :rtype: str
        """
```

To convert a string `s` into a zigzag pattern with a given number of rows `numRows`, you can follow the following algorithm:

1. If `numRows` is 1 or the length of the string is less than or equal to `numRows`, return the original string as it is.
2. Create `numRows` empty strings to represent each row of the zigzag pattern.
3. Traverse the characters of the string `s` and assign each character to the corresponding row in the zigzag pattern. Start from the first row and move down until the last row, and then move up until the first row again.
4. Concatenate all the rows together to get the final zigzag pattern.
5. Return the resulting string.

Here's the implementation in Python:

```python
class Solution(object):
    def convert(self, s, numRows):
        if numRows == 1 or len(s) <= numRows:
            return s
        
        rows = [""] * numRows
        index = 0
        step = 1
        
        for char in s:
            rows[index] += char
            if index == 0:
                step = 1
            elif index == numRows - 1:
                step = -1
            index += step
        
        return "".join(rows)
```

Now, you can create an instance of the `Solution` class and call the `convert` method with the given input:

```python
solution = Solution()
s = "PAYPALISHIRING"
numRows = 3
result = solution.convert(s, numRows)
print(result)  # Output: "PAHNAPLSIIGYIR"
```

The `convert` method takes `s` and `numRows` as arguments and returns the zigzag pattern of the string. The algorithm has a time complexity of O(n), where n is the length of the string.